hello everyone a lot of people have been
asking me about worlds and what is
happening with worlds am I going to
worlds etc and I am super super excited
to announce groups starting this week I
am flying tomorrow Monday to China
alongside Brodin my video producer some
of you guys may remember he made a cameo
you'll see maybe more of him and China
this year but I'm super excited this is
my 6 worlds I get to go cover it I'm
gonna have interviews that I'm gonna be
there for the next month actually so
groups corridors semis all that stuff
will be covered you're gonna have the
interviews that you normally get but
also because this is a little bit
different I'm an independent content
creator we'll have some cool vlogs going
up on my youtube channel stuff that's
sort of oriented around my time at
Worlds
maybe again some more cameo appearances
by Brodin as well so I'm so excited to
be able to say that the content that
people appreciate every year from world
so my favorite content to make
interviewing the best of the best and
telling these cool storylines and
getting these snippets from the players
that will continue and guess what like I
have to say I struggled with figuring
out how this was gonna work for a while
because China is very expensive to go I
think some people probably saw that I
tweeted it cost 11 bucks just to get the
visas and like a speed rush passport
thing that I had to redo to get the visa
thing done and all this money was how am
I gonna do this how I'm gonna get hotels
for me and my producer how am I gonna do
flights and that is why I'm super super
happy to say super thankful that MOBA
lytx has stepped in to partner with me
and do help cover the costs of all this
stuff and so a lot of people might
remember them from my Boston coverage
when I weigh and covered the finals
mobli explore those of you that don't
know they are a new awesome website been
around for a while but they've just
launched into an open period for you to
sign up and check them out and they're a
product that is basically focused on
helping you figure out your individual
strengths and weaknesses to help you get
better at League of Legends so a super
fantastic product I don't like to
endorse and wouldn't generally endorse
anything that I'm not a big fan of and I
am a big fan of these guys because I
think that they have this really cool
thing really take real data and real
science to try to help you figure out
how what your strengths and weaknesses
are and
how to get better at League of Legends
so if you want to do that please please
check them out at mobile it exceed slash
Travis and guess what the cool thing is
this it's not just the fact that they're
partnering with me on the stuff but
between the two of us we're gonna be
able to tell two sides of the world
story so you'll have me doing my
interviews getting the personalities of
the players out there getting some
storyline stuff going and also kind of
asking them about what makes them so
good because that kind of plays into the
mobile excite of things they're also
going to be publishing data and cool
information maybe some info graphs we'll
see but there's a lot of cool stuff
that's gonna be going up on their site
for worlds as well that's more kind of
like data analytical oriented so you'll
kind of have both like the player side
and the storyline side and they'll have
the data side from mobile it excited to
do to work with them they're going to
also be doing a giveaway there's a link
that I'm going to put in the description
of this video you can win on some really
cool stuff go sign up it that kind of
stuff helps out tremendously because you
know it's just nice I think for them to
see that the fans appreciate the content
that I am I'm creating and sort of the
partnership that they're doing with me
to really help make this happen because
again would not be possible without them
I do want to spare a couple moments here
and the vlog in the announcement to talk
give another special Thank You Broden
who again some of you guys might
remember was a video guy that worked
with me at Yahoo and has been helping me
out in the time afterwards often times
for little to nothing because there's
just not a lot of money to go around for
independent content creators so after he
left Yahoo he didn't have a laptop or a
notebook and this has been a bit of an
issue so actually just in the last
couple weeks in the rush to make sure
that this could happen so thank you so
much to them HP sent me this this
computer which is an amazing omen laptop
thank you so much they sent this to us
make sure that we have the best hardware
and not only do I have a laptop that I
can I can spare for Roden but they also
sent me one so that we can make sure
that we're getting the content to you
guys as as fast as possible using some
of the best hardware if I can open this
thing up it is a a beast of a gaming PC
so really cool omen enter into space
recently and I think they're doing some
really cool stuff in the eSports space
doing some great stuff and so thanks to
Josh and his team over there but again
at the end I just want to give a special
thank you so much to mobile it again you
know they I would not be able to head to
China without them and I really
appreciate everything that they've been
able to do for this and so if you like
any my content please give them a shout
out please give them a thank you feel
free to throw thank you to omen as well
it's it's really fantastic to have the
support of these these guys as I head
over to China and again the content that
me and mobile aches are we gonna be
producing is gonna be great check out
the giveaway thank you so much and make
sure you subscribe so that you can see
more of our world's content as it comes
out starting this week thanks so much